all right folks
and take a look at the e-mini
micro
nasdaq 100 index
and i'll show you the imbalance we're in
here this is the initial one
you can always imagine
it could stab up into the second one
which it's
really a sense it's just done now
so that could be a cell
i'd like to see it come down here first
now outline this as i go
this is kind of like the end of the road
for
the drop down before it runs tuesday's
highs that's what i'm thinking this is
fomc
i'm waited a few minutes for it to do
its initial shakeout
so this is the end of the race lower
that's the little checkered flag here
notice i have that so it's not like
me talking
after the fact you can see i'm doing
everything here
there's where we're looking for it to
drop down in
and run out the tuesday highs that i was
mentioning on
my community post
so we're looking for the trade down in
there now it could sweep
a little bit below that because
to the left of that imbalance that i'm
highlighting in
turquoise
there's a cell side of the pretty pool
resting
just below it but
for now i'm just focusing there so it
could drop down
into that level now there's a couple
ways to use this information you can do
a trade here with your demo account
compliance reasons
and
look for it to run out the short term
low
and or
wait for it to
potentially trade up into the higher
time frame
fair value gap
and the reason why you could potentially
wait for that is because it's fomc it
has like a
knee-jerk reaction kind of like non-farm
payroll there's a initial leg then
another leg then
like a fake out leg and then a real
setup comes which is what i'm outlining
here in that blue shaded area
so i'm noticing
that it's likely to draw down here so
i'm drawing this outside we can see the
diagram is dropping okay
the idea is to drop down here first is
the quick move i'm looking for
then the run through tuesday's high
all right so it should start dropping in
here
i don't want to see it go too much more
than that because
that would upset the fair value you got
that is
not yet traded into i think that's going
to be the
the next real drop
so right here's where i'm thinking
initially there's cell side resting
right below that low so you could be a
short here
and your stop would be right above that
most recent green candle to the left of
where we're right now
and you can see there's no replay button
being used here the candles are painting
the replay button is dim it's not even
a thing with me
that's not true now is it i did recently
in the mentorship video use the replay
button but i felt awkward and i just
wanted to do it just to be funny
so here is the
drop down in here
now i can revisit the bottom and under
that
fair value gap and bump it kind of like
a support resistance idea
and that would be a shorting opportunity
if it were to do that
and again this thought would be placed
at the high
of the most recent green candle to the
left
right there see that
that's a short right there
okay the market is
likely to keep dropping in here i'm
looking for that little bullseye that
blew bull's-eye right below that
short-term low
and that blue line if you notice when i
first started the recording here that
was really just an order block
so it could bounce there
a little bit
but ultimately my interest is
from where we are now down into that
checkered flag area
and it doesn't look like i got enough
room so i'm
gonna probably have to move that over to
the right a little bit
and again
the mindset is we're dropping down
okay even though it's it really
initially just ran the tuesday high but
it's done shallow
okay the vocabulary i'm using here is
running
the tuesday high
not sweeping
the difference between sweeping would be
like what it's done here that will be a
sweep that's a real shallow little run
above that red line that's tuesday's
high okay so it swept that and we're
coming back down
post fomc so kind of like look at this
move here we're making and if it can
drop down to that blue shaded area it
might just if i'm wrong it might just go
down to that little bull's eye and then
run higher from there i'm hoping it
doesn't do that i want to see it trade
down into that blue shaded area a little
checkered flag is because that's like
the end of the race for bears
they get into that
then it should start the real move
higher running
tuesday high
running tuesday's high means it runs
right over top of it and it just doesn't
look back
sweeping is where it just goes above or
below a low or high you know i mean like
if we're going to sweep by side that
means it's going to go up a little bit
and then go down and reverse
okay
if i'm saying we're going to run an old
high
for relative equal highs that means
we're going to run through it and
continue
so that way there's a little bit of an
understanding here what i'm saying when
i say that
i try to pick my words carefully so that
way you understand the distinction
between
what i'm expecting as a sweep and
reverse back into the range or expansion
move where
i think if we can get down here and i'm
going to scrub this over because you can
see we're getting running out of space
here it might take a little bit more
candles
than i first
thought
oh let me get this back here
there we are oh there it is
this thing i'm telling you
i look like a noob
i see these are new
all right so
we'll see if we can drop down into that
and i had to make another video
for my mentorship group so i got to get
started on that one
so
here's a bearish order block it can come
back and hit that and
resume going lower
all right
not bad not bad
let's see if she loves me
you can see no replay button
everything's dynamic here
all right about to run into that
cell side liquidity pool
just anchor this here so we can see
visually when it drops below it
change the color here's a little bit
lighter than that one
oops too light
okay that's good enough that way you can
see it i'll take this off here
all right
and there you go
now i'll come back to this in a moment
all right as you can see the market did
in fact trade down look at the bodies of
the candles respecting that blue shaded
area really really handsome price
delivery
and it dipped down a little bit below
but that's fine i'm not worried about
being that accurate the main thing is
going down into that area it turns
and then runs tuesday's high look how
much more dynamic that is
now
what i did was i took the low
at
the turn after it made it to run into
that little blue shaded area once it
started rallying and it took out the
swing high around that thirteen thousand
six
i'm sorry thirteen thousand one fifty
basically crossed back over where the
fair value gap is the larger one that
drop down into
once it trades above that then i'm gonna
use the high initially at the 2 o'clock
hour down to the low
post
230 that range i'm using the fibonacci
to
expand up to a target and it came up to
13437 even
i'm just waiting for it to hit that and
once it does then i'll go into
the
fibonacci and i'll show you you know
what this looked like how i measured it
and all that
but hopefully you can see that it's
done the majority of the move which was
outlined on the community tab before i
obviously did the video
i did the video here
you know marking it up that we can see
it wasn't a replay thing it wasn't
something after the fact
it's something that i'm teaching you all
here now the question mark at the bottom
lower left hand corner
what that is anchoring is the high that
was formed
at two o'clock or what would be shown is
1400 here on the chart
down to that low where the question mark
is so what you're doing is you're going
to get measurement of the range okay
where's 50 of that
below 50 is where that fair value gap is
that's in turquoise
so that's the target it's dropping down
into it so it's a matter of looking at
this
and really there's technically
oh there's one
two
three
four
five
six
seven eight
there's eight trades in this
this whole entire thing so
um once it trades this level here
i'm looking forward to hit that and then
i'll go in and kind of show you some
things about what i'm referring to that
as the eight setups
and this might not be the real setup
that you would be looking for it might
be something one of the eight that i'll
show you
but that's the unique
idea that i want you to adopt as a
student of mine i don't want you all
thinking well we all have to have the
same setup no you don't have to have the
same setup in fact you're not
you're going to come to the conclusion
that
you know the things that you're looking
for
are going to be much more important
when it's uniquely
selected not me pushing you into a mode
saying this is how it's going to work
every single time just for you because
it's not going to work that way
so you have to find a way to
grow comfortable with the concepts and
how that applies to the present market
conditions
and how you select your setup
and i'll show you eight of them in here
that way you'll know that this is what
you're looking for
and it fits your criteria and you may
not take any of the other seven
out of the eight
but the main one here is obviously the
one i highlighted it's the one that is
the highest form of analysis that we can
see
exactly where it's going to draw to
before it turns around so you can couple
what i've shown you here with what i've
out outright came and
told you basically that i'm looking for
the drop down at fomc at two o'clock
once it drops down into that usually
around
2 30 it
finished its initial leg where it prices
in whatever it's going to do either high
or low and then starts to rally so you
can see it's pretty much close to that
in terms of algorithmic delivery
just a little bit past 2 30.
we're about ready to hit that target
here and there she is all right so let's
dim that out and i'll take you over to
the fib portion and i'll explain
everything to you that way
all right so now obviously
i'm going to take you back in
i'm going to use the fib here and what
i'm doing is anchoring it to the
high
down to the low now this is the most
extreme
now usually i'll use the highest open or
close and the lowest opener close in the
price swing when it's not expected to
have a whole lot of volatility because
it's
the fomc
it's more likely to be much more
volatile that means the extreme of the
ranges should be considered that means
now i'm going to use the wix you get
asked a lot all the time you know
in the comments like you know why does
itc use the wix and why does he use the
bodies and what does he differentiate i
just taught you okay so
i'll show you two
forms of that
and actually i'm gonna do this backwards
didn't i yep i did
i'm going to draw it from the
low
up to the high i'm looking for upside
objectives okay so
low up to high here's one objective
here's two objectives
and now
we're just falling short of that one
okay so that's kind of the extreme
target for me today
but if you look at the
body to body it'll make a whole lot more
sense in a moment
there's that target i was looking for
right there
in the earlier portion of the recording
okay
very very gap initial one here drops
down hits the order block which is that
blue line here it bounced up into the
fair value got this is what i was
suggesting this is going to be the mean
one so let's see
run on liquidity drop down
start to drop even lower hit an order
block
then rallies up hits the fair value gap
that sets the stage for the decline down
into the area i highlighted in advance
said this was the end of the road for
the bears
it starts to rally comes back down in
rallies once more
takes off takes out tuesday's high much
more meaningfully
and rallies again
pulls back into an imbalance here
rallies again
pulls back into an imbalance here after
taking our target and even continues to
go higher from there okay so let's take
a look at some of the trades you got
the run here
ahead of fomc that i would not count
okay
that's that's a setup but that's a
gambler's setup before the fomc
announcement
so we have the drop down
then the fair value gap here so that's
trade one
the return back to the fair bag up here
that's tree two
drops down in
below here you would close your short if
it's a scalp
here is a long idea as a scalp to take
us up into i said look what you're
resting above this high here
and then into the fair value that says
the short down into the objective i was
looking for now right away some of you
are thinking man i'm not spiderman
how do you expect me to take all these
trades i'm not folks i'm not any one of
these things that i'm outlining here
could be a specific setup that fits your
unique model okay that meets the
criteria that you're looking for
then it drops down here that's a buy and
you can share this here as an order
block there
rallies up and it comes back down into
the order block these two down closed
candles here because now this is where i
said we were going to turn
and i said that we're going to run
tuesday's highs
now sweep them like this
it's going to run them okay so we ran
right over top of them here so it
rallies up comes back down in
retracement rallies again small little
imbalance you can be a buyer there
rallies
and again here
this is one that i
didn't obviously mention or you see
because i stopped recording as it ran
through here on our objective okay
and i think that is going to be it so i
i don't want you thinking this is an
invitation for you to try to trade fomc
or like a non-farm payroll event
they're very very risky extremely risky
but they're really fun to go back into
and study from a hindsight perspective
or if you can watch it live
it's a wonderful case study that we can
look at how liquidity is taken how it
runs to the other extreme of the range
and how it starts to deliver
institutional order flow
all down close candles should be
supporting price as it goes up and
running out to stays high in a much more
meaningful manner
hopefully you found this one insightful
until next time be safe
you